We're gonna start discussing men's brains, women's brains and how they're very different from each other. 
Now I wanna start with men's brains. Right? Men's brain are very unique, men's brains are made up of little boxes and we 
have a box for everything. We have a box for the car. We got a box for the money. We got a box for the job, we got a box for 
you , we got a box for the kids, we got a box for your mother somewhere in the basement. 


We got boxes everywhere, and the rule is: "the boxes don't touch". When a man discusses a particular subject, we go to that 
particular box, we pull that box out, we open the box, we discuss only what is in that box, alright? and then we close the 
box and put it away being very, very careful not to touch any other boxes. 


Now women's brains are very, very different from men's brains. Women's brains are made up of a big ball of wire, 
and every thing is connected to everything. The money's connected to the car, the car's connected to your job and the kids 
are connected to your mother, and everything's connected to everything .... 


It's like the Internet super highway, Ok? And it's all driven by energy that we call emotion. This is zzzzz. It's one of 
the reasons why women tend to remember everything. Because if you take an event and you connect it to an emotion, it burns 
in your memory and you can remember it forever. The same thing happens for men, it just doesn't happen very often because, quite frankly, we don't care. 
Women tend to care about everything! And she just loves it. Ok? 


Now, men, we have a box in our brain that most women are not aware of. This particular box has nothing in it. It's true, 
it's true. In fact, we call it the "nothing box." And of all the boxes a man has in his brain, the nothing box is our 
favourite box! If a man has the chance, he'll go to his nothing box every time. That's why a man can do something seemingly 
completely brain-dead for hours on end. You know, like fishing. 


Now, they've actually measured this. The University of Pennsylvania, a couple of years ago, did a study, and discovered that 
men have the ability to think about absolutely nothing and still breathe. You know, they connected all the wires and stuff 
like that, marked the brain activity ..... Our brain is dead! Huh! Hang on. 


Women can't do it, they can't do it, their minds never stop, and they don't understand the nothing box and it drives them
crazy because nothing drives a woman more crazy or makes you feel more irritated than to witness a man doing nothing!